ENGDOCS 711 Revisited Compose Install Page (#14838)
docker/docker.github.io: compose/install/compose-plugin.md

---
description: How to install Docker Compose plugin
keywords: compose, orchestration, install, installation, docker, documentation
toc_max: 3

title: Install Docker Compose Plugin
---

## Prerequisites

* Docker Compose requires Docker Engine.
* Docker Compose plugin requires Docker CLI.

## Install Compose on Windows Server

Follow these instructions if you are running the Docker daemon and client directly
on Microsoft Windows Server and want to install Docker Compose.

1.  Run a PowerShell as an administrator. 
Be sure to, when asked if you want to allow this app to make changes to your device, to click **Yes**.
    
2.  GitHub now requires TLS1.2. In PowerShell, run the following:
    
    ```powershell  
    [Net.ServicePointManager]::SecurityProtocol = [Net.SecurityProtocolType]::Tls12
    ```
3. Run the following command to download the current release of Compose ({{site.compose_version}}):

    ```powershell

>     Invoke-WebRequest "https://github.com/docker/compose/releases/download/{{site.compose_version}}/docker-compose-Windows-x86_64.exe" -UseBasicParsing -OutFile $Env:ProgramFiles\Docker\docker-compose.exe

Reviewer: This command will download it as a CLI plugin

```suggestion
    Invoke-WebRequest "https://github.com/docker/compose/releases/download/{{site.compose_version}}/docker-compose-Windows-x86_64.exe" -UseBasicParsing -OutFile $Env:ProgramFiles\Docker\cli-plugins\docker-compose.exe
```

    ```

    > **Note**
    >

>     > On Windows Server 2019 you can add the Compose executable to `$Env:ProgramFiles\Docker`.
>      Because this directory is registered in the system `PATH`, you can run the `docker-compose --version` 

Reviewer: Changes these two lines to match the way to install it as a plugin.

```suggestion
    > On Windows Server 2019 you can add the Compose CLI plugin to `$Env:ProgramFiles\Docker\cli-plugins`.
     Because this directory is used for Docker CLI plugin, you can run the `docker compose version` 
```
